docs/module_directives.md, before:

## Skipping Module Reordering

If you want to skip module reordering, you can add the following comment to the top of the file:

```elixir
# quokka:skip-module-reordering
```

This will prevent Quokka from doing any of the below transformations.

## Directive Expansion

Expands `Module.{SubmoduleA, SubmoduleB}` to their explicit forms for ease of searching.

```elixir
# Before
import Foo.{Bar, Baz, Bop}
alias Foo.{Bar, Baz.A, Bop}

# After
import Foo.Bar
import Foo.Baz
import Foo.Bop

alias Foo.Bar
alias Foo.Baz.A
alias Foo.Bop
```

## Directive Organization

Modules directives are sorted into the following order:

* `@shortdoc`
* `@moduledoc`
* `@behaviour`
* `use`
* `import` (sorted alphabetically)
* `alias` (sorted alphabetically)
* `require` (sorted alphabetically)
* everything else (order unchanged)

### Before

```elixir
defmodule Foo do
  @behaviour Lawful
  alias A.A
  require A

  use B

  def c(x), do: y

  import C
  @behaviour Chaotic
  @doc "d doc"
  def d do
    alias X.X
    alias H.H

    alias Z.Z
    import Ecto.Query
    X.foo()
  end
  @shortdoc "it's pretty short"
  import A
  alias C.C
  alias D.D

  require C
  require B

  use A

  alias C.C
  alias A.A

  @moduledoc "README.md"
             |> File.read!()
             |> String.split("<!-- MDOC !-->")
             |> Enum.fetch!(1)
end
```

### After

```elixir
defmodule Foo do
  @shortdoc "it's pretty short"
  @moduledoc "README.md"
             |> File.read!()
             |> String.split("<!-- MDOC !-->")
             |> Enum.fetch!(1)
  @behaviour Chaotic
  @behaviour Lawful

  use B
  use A.A

  import A.A
  import C

  alias A.A
  alias C.C
  alias D.D

  require A
  require B
  require C

  def c(x), do: y

  @doc "d doc"
  def d do
    import Ecto.Query

    alias H.H
    alias X.X
    alias Z.Z

    X.foo()
  end
end
```

If any line previously relied on an alias, the alias is fully expanded when it is moved above the alias:

```elixir
# Given
alias Foo.Bar
import Bar
# Styled
import Foo.Bar

alias Foo.Bar
```

## Alias Lifting

When a module with three parts is referenced two or more times, quokka creates a new alias for that module and uses it.

```elixir
# Given
require A.B.C

A.B.C.foo()
A.B.C.bar()

# Styled
alias A.B.C

require C

C.foo()
C.bar()
```

### Collisions

Quokka won't lift aliases that will collide with existing aliases, and likewise won't lift any module whose name would collide with a standard library name.

Commit message:

Revamp docs (#15)
* Revamp docs

* Fix docs compilation and asset usage

* Add backticks to all Credo module links for ExDoc parity

The recommended ExDoc way to reference and link modules is by using backticks.
This adds those to all Credo module links to ensure they render as a module link
despite being a hardcoded hexdoc link (vs auto-linking)

* Reorder README.md

* Make the warning pronounced and at the top
* install and config before rewrites section
* Format config options into a table
  * Fix description for `inefficient_function_rewrites`

* Correct docs

* Structure Credo check overview in tabs

* Remove general tip from mix_config.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Jon Carstens <jon.carstens@smartrent.com>

docs/module_directives.md, after:

## Skipping Module Reordering

If you want to skip module reordering, you can add the following comment to the top of the file:

```elixir
# quokka:skip-module-reordering
```

This will prevent Quokka from doing any of the below transformations.

## Directive Expansion

This addresses:

- [`Credo.Check.Consistency.MultiAliasImportRequireUse`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Consistency.MultiAliasImportRequireUse.html). Note that while Credo will pass as long as multi alias usage is consistent, Quokka will only expand multi-alias statements. It will not compress multiple aliases into a single statement.
- [`Credo.Check.Readability.MultiAlias`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Readability.MultiAlias.html). Note that this is configurable and Quokka will check the Credo config to determine if aliases should be expanded.
- [`Credo.Check.Readability.UnnecessaryAliasExpansion`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Readability.UnnecessaryAliasExpansion.html). This is not configurable.

Expands `Module.{SubmoduleA, SubmoduleB}` to their explicit forms for ease of searching.

```elixir
# Before
import Foo.{Bar, Baz, Bop}
alias Foo.{Bar, Baz.A, Bop}

# After
import Foo.Bar
import Foo.Baz
import Foo.Bop

alias Foo.Bar
alias Foo.Baz.A
alias Foo.Bop
```

## Directive Organization

This addresses:
- [`Credo.Check.Readability.AliasOrder`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Readability.AliasOrder.html). While it is not possible to disable this rewrite, Quokka will respect the `:sort_method` Credo config.
- [`Credo.Check.Readability.StrictModuleLayout`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Readability.StrictModuleLayout.html). While it is not possible to disable this rewrite, Quokka will respect the `:order` Credo config.

Modules directives are sorted into the following order by default:

* `@shortdoc`
* `@moduledoc`
* `@behaviour`
* `use`
* `import` (sorted alphabetically)
* `alias` (sorted alphabetically)
* `require` (sorted alphabetically)
* everything else (order unchanged)

### Before

```elixir
defmodule Foo do
  @behaviour Lawful
  alias A.A
  require A

  use B

  def c(x), do: y

  import C
  @behaviour Chaotic
  @doc "d doc"
  def d do
    alias X.X
    alias H.H

    alias Z.Z
    import Ecto.Query
    X.foo()
  end
  @shortdoc "it's pretty short"
  import A
  alias C.C
  alias D.D

  require C
  require B

  use A

  alias C.C
  alias A.A

  @moduledoc "README.md"
             |> File.read!()
             |> String.split("<!-- MDOC !-->")
             |> Enum.fetch!(1)
end
```

### After

```elixir
defmodule Foo do
  @shortdoc "it's pretty short"
  @moduledoc "README.md"
             |> File.read!()
             |> String.split("<!-- MDOC !-->")
             |> Enum.fetch!(1)
  @behaviour Chaotic
  @behaviour Lawful

  use B
  use A.A

  import A.A
  import C

  alias A.A
  alias C.C
  alias D.D

  require A
  require B
  require C

  def c(x), do: y

  @doc "d doc"
  def d do
    import Ecto.Query

    alias H.H
    alias X.X
    alias Z.Z

    X.foo()
  end
end
```

If any line previously relied on an alias, the alias is fully expanded when it is moved above the alias:

```elixir
# Given
alias Foo.Bar
import Bar
# Styled
import Foo.Bar

alias Foo.Bar
```

## Alias Lifting

This addresses [`Credo.Check.Design.AliasUsage`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Design.AliasUsage.html). The Credo configs supported by Quokka include:

- `:lift_alias_excluded_namespaces`
- `:lift_alias_excluded_lastnames`
- `:if_nested_deeper_than`
- `:if_called_more_often_than`

When a module with greater than `:if_nested_deeper_than` nested parts is referenced more than `:if_called_more_often_than` times, Quokka creates a new alias for that module and uses it.

```elixir
# Given
require A.B.C

A.B.C.foo()
A.B.C.bar()

# Styled
alias A.B.C

require C

C.foo()
C.bar()
```

### Collisions

Quokka won't lift aliases that will collide with existing aliases, and likewise won't lift any module whose name would collide with a standard library name.
