docs/pipes.md, before:

# Pipe Chains

## Pipe Start

Quokka will ensure that the start of a pipechain is a 0-arity function, a raw value, or a variable.

```elixir
Enum.at(enum, 5)
|> IO.inspect()

# Styled:
enum
|> Enum.at(5)
|> IO.inspect()
```

If the start of a pipe is a block expression, quokka will create a new variable to store the result of that expression and make that variable the start of the pipe.

```elixir
if a do
  b
else
  c
end
|> Enum.at(4)
|> IO.inspect()

# Styled:
if_result =
  if a do
    b
  else
    c
  end

if_result
|> Enum.at(4)
|> IO.inspect()
```

### Add parenthesis to function calls in pipes

```elixir
a |> b |> c |> d
# Styled:
a |> b() |> c() |> d()
```

### Remove Unnecessary `then/2`

When the piped argument is being passed as the first argument to the inner function, there's no need for `then/2`.

```elixir
a |> then(&f(&1, ...)) |> b()
# Styled:
a |> f(...) |> b()
```

- add parens to function calls `|> fun |>` => `|> fun() |>`

### Add `then/2` when defining and calling anonymous functions in pipes

```elixir
a |> (fn x -> x end).() |> c()
# Styled:
a |> then(fn x -> x end) |> c()
```

### Piped function optimizations

Two function calls into one! Fewer steps is always nice.

```elixir
# reverse |> concat => reverse/2
a |> Enum.reverse() |> Enum.concat(enum) |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Enum.reverse(enum) |> ...

# filter |> count => count(filter)
a |> Enum.filter(filterer) |> Enum.count() |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Enum.count(filterer) |> ...

# map |> join => map_join
a |> Enum.map(mapper) |> Enum.join(joiner) |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Enum.map_join(joiner, mapper) |> ...

# Enum.map |> X.new() => X.new(mapper)
# where X is one of: Map, MapSet, Keyword
a |> Enum.map(mapper) |> Map.new() |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Map.new(mapper) |> ...

# Enum.map |> Enum.into(empty_collectable) => X.new(mapper)
# Where empty_collectable is one of `%{}`, `Map.new()`, `Keyword.new()`, `MapSet.new()`
# Given:
a |> Enum.map(mapper) |> Enum.into(%{}) |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Map.new(mapper) |> ...

# Given:
a |> b() |> Stream.each(fun) |> Stream.run()
a |> b() |> Stream.map(fun) |> Stream.run()
# Styled:
a |> b() |> Enum.each(fun)
a |> b() |> Enum.each(fun)
```

### Unpiping Single Pipes

Quokka rewrites pipechains with a single pipe to be function calls. Notably, this rule combined with the optimizations rewrites above means some chains with more than one pipe will also become function calls.

```elixir
foo = bar |> baz()
# Styled:
foo = baz(bar)

map = a |> Enum.map(mapper) |> Map.new()
# Styled:
map = Map.new(a, mapper)
```

Commit message:

Revamp docs (#15)
* Revamp docs

* Fix docs compilation and asset usage

* Add backticks to all Credo module links for ExDoc parity

The recommended ExDoc way to reference and link modules is by using backticks.
This adds those to all Credo module links to ensure they render as a module link
despite being a hardcoded hexdoc link (vs auto-linking)

* Reorder README.md

* Make the warning pronounced and at the top
* install and config before rewrites section
* Format config options into a table
  * Fix description for `inefficient_function_rewrites`

* Correct docs

* Structure Credo check overview in tabs

* Remove general tip from mix_config.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Jon Carstens <jon.carstens@smartrent.com>

docs/pipes.md, after:

# Pipe Chains

## Pipe Start

- If [`Credo.Check.Readability.BlockPipe`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Readability.BlockPipe.html) is enabled, Quokka will prevent using blocks with pipes. Quokka respects the `:exclude` Credo opt.
- If [`Credo.Check.Refactor.PipeChainStart`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Refactor.PipeChainStart.html) is enabled, Quokka will rewrite the start of a pipechain to be a 0-arity function, a raw value, or a variable. Quokka respects the `:excluded_functions` and `excluded_argument_types` Credo opts.

Based on the Credo config, Quokka will rewrite the start of a pipechain to be a 0-arity function, a raw value, or a variable.

```elixir
Enum.at(enum, 5)
|> IO.inspect()

# Styled:
enum
|> Enum.at(5)
|> IO.inspect()
```

If the start of a pipe is a block expression, Quokka will create a new variable to store the result of that expression and make that variable the start of the pipe.

```elixir
if a do
  b
else
  c
end
|> Enum.at(4)
|> IO.inspect()

# Styled:
if_result =
  if a do
    b
  else
    c
  end

if_result
|> Enum.at(4)
|> IO.inspect()
```

### Add parenthesis to function calls in pipes

This addresses [`Credo.Check.Readability.OneArityFunctionInPipe`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Readability.OneArityFunctionInPipe.html). This is not configurable.

```elixir
a |> b |> c |> d
# Styled:
a |> b() |> c() |> d()
```

### Remove Unnecessary `then/2`

When the piped argument is being passed as the first argument to the inner function, there's no need for `then/2`.

```elixir
a |> then(&f(&1, ...)) |> b()
# Styled:
a |> f(...) |> b()
```

- add parens to function calls `|> fun |>` => `|> fun() |>`

### Add `then/2` when defining and calling anonymous functions in pipes

- Addresses [`Credo.Check.Readability.PipeIntoAnonymousFunctions`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Readability.PipeIntoAnonymousFunctions.html) by rewriting anonymous function invocations to use `then/2`. This is not configurable.

```elixir
a |> (fn x -> x end).() |> c()
# Styled:
a |> then(fn x -> x end) |> c()
```

### Piped function optimizations

Two function calls into one! Fewer steps is always nice.

```elixir
# reverse |> concat => reverse/2
a |> Enum.reverse() |> Enum.concat(enum) |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Enum.reverse(enum) |> ...

# filter |> count => count(filter)
a |> Enum.filter(filterer) |> Enum.count() |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Enum.count(filterer) |> ...

# map |> join => map_join
a |> Enum.map(mapper) |> Enum.join(joiner) |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Enum.map_join(joiner, mapper) |> ...

# Enum.map |> X.new() => X.new(mapper)
# where X is one of: Map, MapSet, Keyword
a |> Enum.map(mapper) |> Map.new() |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Map.new(mapper) |> ...

# Enum.map |> Enum.into(empty_collectable) => X.new(mapper)
# Where empty_collectable is one of `%{}`, `Map.new()`, `Keyword.new()`, `MapSet.new()`
# Given:
a |> Enum.map(mapper) |> Enum.into(%{}) |> ...
# Styled:
a |> Map.new(mapper) |> ...

# Given:
a |> b() |> Stream.each(fun) |> Stream.run()
a |> b() |> Stream.map(fun) |> Stream.run()
# Styled:
a |> b() |> Enum.each(fun)
a |> b() |> Enum.each(fun)
```

### Unpiping Single Pipes

This addresses [`Credo.Check.Readability.SinglePipe`](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.Readability.SinglePipe.html). If the Credo check is enabled, Quokka will rewrite pipechains with a single pipe to be function calls. Notably, this rule combined with the optimizations rewrites above means some chains with more than one pipe will also become function calls.

```elixir
foo = bar |> baz()
# Styled:
foo = baz(bar)

map = a |> Enum.map(mapper) |> Map.new()
# Styled:
map = Map.new(a, mapper)
```
